updating area ownership within mono and coreclr (#97571)
dotnet/runtime: docs/area-owners.md

| area-Codegen-meta-mono                         | @steveisok           | @vargaz                                             |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| area-CrossGen/NGEN-coreclr                     | @steveisok           | @dotnet/crossgen-contrib                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | area-crossgen2-coreclr                         | @steveisok           | @dotnet/crossgen-contrib                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: @steveisok do we need to add Fan, Zoltan and Kate to https://github.com/orgs/dotnet/teams/crossgen-contrib ?

| area-Diagnostics-coreclr                       | @tommcdon            | @tommcdon                                           |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| area-Diagnostics-mono                          | @tommcdon            | @tommcdon @mdh1418                                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | area-EnC-mono                                  | @steveisok           | @lambdageek                                         | Hot Reload on WebAssembly, Android, iOS, etc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: This is still us and not @tommcdon and @mikelle-rogers ?
```suggestion
| area-EnC-mono                                  | @tommcdon            | @mikelle-rogers                                          | Hot Reload on WebAssembly, Android, iOS, etc . @lambdageek to consult                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```

| area-Extensions-Primitives                     | @ericstj             | @dotnet/area-extensions-primitives                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| area-GC-coreclr                                | @mangod9             | @Maoni0                                             |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | area-GC-mono                                   | @mangod9             | @mangod9                                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: Should we add a note that @BrzVlad is a good person to consult?

```suggestion
| area-GC-mono                                   | @mangod9             | @mangod9                                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | @BrzVlad to consult
```

| area-Infrastructure-installer                  | @MichaelSimons       | @NikolaMilosavljevic                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| area-Infrastructure-libraries                  | @ericstj             | @dotnet/area-infrastructure-libraries               | Covers:<ul><li>Packaging</li><li>Build and test infra for libraries in dotnet/runtime repo</li><li>VS integration</li></ul><br/>                                                                                                                                                          |

> | area-Infrastructure-mono                       | @steveisok           | @directhex                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: @jeffschwMSFT @lewing @steveisok  who should this change to?

Author: I left Jo in that space as he has a lot of knowledge and still works in the repo.  I can remove him for now.  We discussed a need for some infrastructure triage to sort this out (which is pending)

Reviewer 2: We can keep Jo listed as a consultant but not as owner / responsible party.
